Welcome to this course! In this course, you will learn how to use one of the most popular business intelligence tools,
Power BI. Power BI is not a single application, Power BI consists of multiple, connected tools
and you will get a complete introduction into the entire Power BI universe.
We will start with Power BI Desktop, a local application which is only available on Windows computers.
However we will learn how to connect Power BI to different data sources,
how to work on that data and how to create visualizations - charts for example. And you will get an overview of
the core features of Power BI Desktop step-by-step in one big course project.
So we could stop after finishing our work locally in Power BI Desktop but we won't. We will continue
with Power BI Service,
a cloud application which allows you to share your projects and also to collaborate in your projects
with your colleagues.
Moreover, we will take a look at Power BI Mobile, a mobile application which allows you to access your data
from mobile devices.
So we could stop right here
but again we won't, we want to show you more and to show you more,
I'm really happy to welcome Maximilian, an instructor of multiple Five-Star rated courses here on Udemy.
Welcome Maximilian!
Hi,
great to be a part of this course.
If you have a look at the other courses I have here on Udemy, you will see that all these courses are
programming or a web development orientated,
so what's my role in this course?
Whilst you will see me towards the end of this module when I will walk you through the course outline, my major
task in this course is to do two modules: In the first module,
I'll have a look at some advanced data sources or specifically, data sources we can work with in Power BI
which are web related.
For example importing data from a RESTful API. In the other module,
I will show you how to get started building your own custom visuals, so custom charts you could say.
Manuel will of course walk you through the basics of Power BI and how to use the built-in charts and
so on
but if you ever hit the point where these do not suffice,
this module might be interesting to you and since we use web development technologies there, that's why
I'm doing that.
So I hope you'll enjoy these modules and I'll hand it back to Manuel.